all right this is a poor man's dentist
you'll see what I'm talking about just a
second
it's just ordinary floss and doubled it
oh all right there folks is vodka in a
spongebob cup like disposable okay
that's the teeth we're going at the very
front tooth look at that folks
oh now we're going to walk out here
because we got to go out off of my patio
the only blood on my patio tightening it
all up
I tried to get him to get a long piece
and tie it to the truck and let me drive
off but he seems to want to pull it out
himself this is a JW DDS
we're going to walk out here to the yard
fuck all right if you want this here
wait wait
oh there's this here grab out of my hand
and let's go out a little further to the
like second gets confused do another
life
yeah not so much
aah oh shit see that one bad
that's called through two people fall
then we just fell out wait oh all right
be on YouTube